Firebase init + deploy should setup a new project without going to console (#8653)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed crash when starting the App Hosting emulator in certain applications (#8624)
- Fixed issue where, with `webframeworks` enabled, `firebase init hosting` re-prompts users for source. (#8587)
- Update typescript version in functions template to avoid build issue with @google-cloud/storage depedency (#8194)

> - [added] Support `firebase init` + `firebase deploy` flow on a fresh new project without going to Console (#8653)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved `firebase init firestore` + `firebase deploy` flow on a fresh new project without going to Console (#8653)
```
